**Overview**

q.address Address Check functionality provides users a possibility to verify correctness of postal address. This functionality is available as a SOAP Web Service under the following URL https://qws1.de/QWS/QACWebService.asmx You should use method UCheck- Address (see section 4.2 in the documentation “q.address Web Services (API) - Pro- grammer's Manual 2.1”). Credentials for the accessing the Web Service (a pair User and Password) will be provided separately. You should provide Web Form that looks similar to the form available under URL https://qws1.de/AutoCompleteAC/formular1.aspx
On pressing submit button you should perform address check by using method UCheck- Address of the mentioned Web Service. The method can return 6 status values

In case of status ERROR, ABROAD, NOT FOUND you should show the corresponding message in the message box (it is enough to show message „ Status ERROR/ABROAD/NOT FOUND obtained during address check, submitting is can- celled“). In case of status CORRECT or AUTOCORRECTED you should take result ad- dress returned by the method UCheckAddress and submit it to your server side handler (programmed in C#) of the form that will fill the data in the textarea. In addition you should fill the inputs with the fields of the result address and if the content of the input differs from the initial value entered by user you should display green border for the correspond- ing input box. In case of status MULTIPLE RESULTS you should show dialog with the candidate addresses for user decision. The candidate addresses are returned by the method UCheckAddress in the array of similar addresses together with address similarity. If you enter address “Country=Deutschland; City = Koeln; Street=Corneliusstr.; HouseNo=2” in the form available under URL https://qws1.de/AutoCompleteAC/formular1.aspx then you will see the dialog that is ex- pected for the status MULTIPLE RESULTS, see Fig. 1.1

**Accessing AC Web Services**

The Web Service you will use when implementing this task is SOAP based. Accessing SOAP Web Services from Javascript is a challenge, because SOAP is not js friendly. So, part of the task is creating “proxy” JSON web service (programmed in C#) for the method UCheckAddress. This Web Service will call q.address SOAP Web Service and expose result to your Javascript in JSON format. So, you should call own JSON Web Service from the form that wraps call to q.address SOAP Web Service.
